IAST Security Controls - Node.js (#28258)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/iast/security_controls/_index.md

#### Method that validates the input parameter to avoid any vulnerabilities

##### Method
`bar/foo/custom_input_validator.js#validate(input)`

##### Config
`INPUT_VALIDATOR:*:bar/foo/custom_input_validator.js:validate`

### Sanitizer

#### Sanitizer to avoid command injection vulnerabilities

##### Method
`bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js#sanitize(input)`

##### Config
`SANITIZER:COMMAND_INJECTION:bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js:sanitize`

#### Sanitizer to avoid command injection and code injection vulnerabilities

##### Method
`bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js#sanitize(input)`

##### Config
`SANITIZER:COMMAND_INJECTION,CODE_INJECTION:bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js:sanitize`

#### Sanitizer to avoid any vulnerabilities

##### Method
`bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js#sanitize(input)`

##### Config
`SANITIZER:*:bar/foo/custom_input_sanitizer.js:sanitize`

### Special cases

#### Security control method inside an exported object
Method `validate`, which is exported inside an object `validators`, that validates the input parameter to avoid command injection vulnerabilities.

```javascript
// bar/foo/custom_input_validator.js
module.exports = {
  validators: {

>     validateSql: (input) => {

Reviewer: `validate` is used in the text and in the config example.
```suggestion
    validate: (input) => {
```

      /* validation process */
    }
  }
}
```

#### Config
`INPUT_VALIDATOR:COMMAND_INJECTION:bar/foo/custom_input_validator.js:validators.validate`

#### Security control method from a transitive dependency

> As long as the `node_modules` folder is present in the file path of a security control definition, all files whose file path ends with that path are evaluated as such.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain this line in more words? I'm having trouble understanding it. In particular, what do you mean by "ends with that path?"

Is the sentence telling people how to make sure all of their security controls, including ones from transitive dependencies, are evaluated?

Reviewer 3: From what I understand this sentence is explaining our internal implementation of the security control path finding algorithm. Instead we should probably explain the implications of this implementation:
```suggestion
Because of npm's flat dependency structure, it is not possible to differentiate between a direct dependency and a transitive dependency. This means if one dependency is [defined in a security control, not sure how to word that], all instances of that dependency (direct or transitive), will be affected.
```

Author: Thanks @simon-id. I've adjusted your suggestion and commit the changes.

Reviewer 3: lgtm

> Because of `npm`'s flat dependency structure, it is not possible to differentiate between a direct dependency and a transitive dependency. This means if a security control is defined inside a dependency, all instances of that dependency (direct or transitive), will be affected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of `npm`'s flat dependency structure, it is not possible to differentiate between a direct dependency and a transitive dependency. This means if a security control is defined inside a dependency, all instances of that dependency (direct or transitive), are affected.
```
